idea of the group is it's it's an
ensemble for computer music this was the
basic idea that we wanted to make an
ensemble for music in the 21st century
and and use computer as our main
instrument it's very much like a chamber
music ensemble we play different
projects in different lineups and also
the the artistic focuses can be a very
different project to project this is one
on one of the many projects we do but
it's very special because of the
connection with with dance one of the
basic ideas I had about computer music
is that it's computer music it's not
really your style in the same way as
improvised music it's not really style
it only means that you use computers
when you use a computer you have to
think about what is different in which
which aspects are different from a
normal musical instrument and use those
things
for me that's very normal to switch from
one idea for the other and it's also
that's I'm not interested in the styles
itself i'm interested in making music
and and how our people communicate and
give that forum interviews and that's
really what interests me the language
you find that that's is important and
how you can use that in interaction and
I think that defines whether something
is good or not and at all of course I
then at the last at the end it should
sound well just Bowie even an incredible
good trombone player and singer in the
seventies metal bands called defense
which was one of the first bands that
combines free cash with with funk
elements somebody took my woman a
compelling he said arrested from Israel
business in in Holland as well and he is
a very good improviser on the laptop and
what I like about his playing is that
but my most laptop players they they
look at the screen of all time all the
time they're just sitting there on a
chair and they're sitting there it looks
very boring it looks like I love you
hey she said we one of the best step
dancers in holland and i found out at
some point that she is very open to
experiments and to improvisation yeah
she has this incredible energy and also
is able to improvise freely which is
usually with that dancers they are stuck
to like the sort of rhythms they do all
the time and feel totally lost when you
do free of things
what what I like about the jazz but then
especially jazz in the 20s and 30s last
century that is how in a very natural
way their dance and music is one and
that's the same what you see in Africa
in Africa many language African language
is there if there isn't even a different
word for music and for dance it's just
regarded as one thing so what what I
wanted to do is something similar like
making a connection between the music
and dance and then use computers as
intermediate between those two